# CS-370
Current/Emerging trends SNHU


•	Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?

The work That I did on this project was to create a Q-training algorithm.  The goal of creating this algorithm was to find the best navigation sequence that would maximize the rewards while achieving a 100 percent win rate with the ideal number of epochs.  There was code that was already provided in this project for creating the elements needed. First the environment, which is located in the TreasureEnviornment.py file is an 8x8 matrix to replicate the maze the pirate must navigate through. Second the experience replay, located in the GameExperience.py file, this stores all the episodes, which are the states that come in between the initial and terminal state. This is so the agent (pirate) can learn through its experience in its interaction with the environment.  In the Jupyter notebook section of code the build model was also given.  In this section a neural network model is built which will list the number of layers, activation, optimizer and loss functions that train the model.  In the play game section, this will determine if the agent (pirate) can win the game. This method will help to check if the environment was set up correctly. 

•	Connect your learning from throughout this course to the larger field of computer science:
o	What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
o	How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
o	What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?

Computer scientists can develop software, they solve problems to manage data and make it more efficient, they develop methods to help systems learn from data and make decisions, they design technologies that can assist humans in real world tasks, the help to improve infrastructures to allow computers to communicate with each other such as the internet.  This all matters because through these technologies and inventions it can change the face of how we live and how industries bring us products and services to make life a little easier.  It can help make process efficient and save time and resources. It can solve complex problems and help with diagnosis and predictions of medical illnesses with can have an impact on society.  It can provide economic growth such as job creation, increase in product production, new inventions and untapped markets. Can help steer better business decisions which result in increased revenues and reduce business costs.   
As a computer scientist, I believe approaching a problem has to be well thought out.  First understand what the problem is. Then see how it can be broken down. Prioritize the parts once broken down. Create a plan or outline with steps how to solve the problem. Then gather what tools to need and see if there is any solution that already exist. From there you can write the code and test it as you go.  Make changes that can improve the readability and make comments to help understand your code or if anyone has to go behind you and make changes.  Then document the work that you have done and communicate this to the appropriate departments. 
My ethical responsibilities to end users and organizations are:
End Users - Make sure that whatever work I create does not harm anyone or the community. Protect the user’s private information and make sure that there are security measures in place to safeguard the sensitive information. Be transparent to user about how their information is being used and shared and to let them know what their rights are. Create code that is not biases against any protected classes such as people of color, sex or disabilities. Make sure that the systems that are built are reliable and do not create any risks for the user. 
Organizations- Make sure that the system create is authentic and fair and avoids any potential biases and conflicts of interest.  Make sure that I respect the company’s rule and regulations and stay in compliance with any confidentially in regards to intellectual property. Always stay on top of evolving technologies to be able to provide the best solutions to problems.  Fulfill my legal and contractual obligations and exhibit ethical behavior. 
